One thing you'll notice is that every time you run this app, as it is right now, we always go through
the same process, which is we have the splash screen and then a few seconds later we go to log in a
log out, log in or create account, right, which is fine because we were putting this together.
But at some point, obviously, if you ship this app and people are using this app, it will be annoying
to always having to go through the process of logging in.
And there is a way that allows us to get rid of this whole process of going through the screens that
are not needed anymore because we have created accounts and we just want to go straight to home screen.
So what we can do now is let's go to our splash screen splash screen.
Let's see.
This and we can put an if statement, but where is that going to be?
So if we go back to where we have a watched effect there and after our delay right here, we see we
have this to do actually check if there is a Facebook groups that Facebook should say, Firebase, if
there's a Firebase user.
If so, take them to homescreen otherwise to log in.
All right.
So how do we check if there is a Firebase user?
Well, the beauty here is that because Firebase, we have added Firebase to our project.
We have a way to get Firebase off object right to check things out, to say if statement.
He put an if statement when say if Firebase Auth get that one there that get instance.
And I can say, look for the current user, look at that and email is null or empty, right then.
If that's the case, we are going to go to nav controller.
We're going to use nav controller that is and go to navigate.
We're going to get the right one.
We want the.
The route you can't quite see there, we see the route one, the bottom there.
OK.
And let's say leaders scream.
Let's go to log in screen that name.
OK.
And we'll have to wrap this this way.
There it is else.
Well, we know that there is indeed a user already logged in.
We're just going to go ahead and say NAV control again.
Navigate.
Let's get the correct one.
Otherwise we'll run into issues here.
I repeat myself here, it's crucial.
And when I say readers screen again, we're going to go to reader home screen like this.
Just this piece of code is going to change everything.
All right.
So I have the problem here is that I still have this navigate to log in screen.
So this must get out of here because we don't need that.
So now what is going to happen?
We still going to have this animation happening.
But if we have a a user, then it's going to go straight to read reader home instead of going to these
screens here.
All right.
Let's go ahead and run once again.
And we should go straight to home like that.
All right, so there we go.
So this is how we bypass these two screens so that users don't have to go through this process again
if they indeed already have created account and they have locked in.